Every wedding is a reflection of the love and hard work and dedication of the souls involved in it. 
Our endeavor is to convey these emotions in its natural bliss in every frame we capture these frames speak the same beyond time and generations.
When others go behind trends, we at Weva strive hard to keep alive those precious moments without losing the happiness intensity behind them.
Each and every frame has a story to tell and our Stories from Weva are the memories that we create for a lifetime. 

*wevaphotography.com*

Our wedding photographers in New Jersey, can capture the elegance, 
romance and fun aspects of your wedding day from beginning to end to help you hold those memories close for years to come. 
Our photographers can photograph the day as a story for you so you can relive each moment every time you look back at the wedding photographs.

*Studio Photography*
We believe that high-end fashion photography shouldn’t be exclusive to high-end fashion models.
We combine our fashion industry expertise with a mission to empower you to be your best self in front of the camera. 
Whether aspiring fashion model or family of four, it’s our goal to create visual legacies that resonate for years to come. 
Want to learn how to become a model? We have all the information & support you need.

*Travel Photography*

When it comes to the business of inspiring wanderlust, 
travel photography plays a crucial role. 
It's a profession about creating images that encapsulate the 
culture and sense of place along with the landscape and light.
One where you strive to showcase a unique perspective and 
take photos that make people want to jump on a plane to experience 
that exact moment captured with your camera.
Travel Photography is all around us. 
The dream of visiting far away places is alive and well which has 
led to a boom in visual marketing and creative content.

*Family Photography*
We walk with families like yours, discuss and understand your love story, 
and document your milestones and moments through personalized artwork that transcends generations.
We focus on telling your family’s story through exclusive photography. 
We create memories through timeless artwork that you can showcase in your home for years to come. 
Personalized artwork that transcends generations.

*Baby Bump Photography*
Every moment that you have together as a family is priceless and between our busy schedules and endless to-do lists, 
it is easy to forget to have family portraits taken.
That moment when your new born baby looks up to you when you are feeding him and stretches his tiny hand to reach your face; 
when your daughter runs to the door and welcomes you home with a hug and giggles when you tickle her or your son’s reaction when he scores a goal.